luck for all the participants in this cup lady of the Caribbean
Attention
ready
came the lido di venezia mare
will depart to azalia the onu the participant delay ricura is in the last place
comes quickly to the American but by me ccoo pointed inside the mare
american woman apusta and hate and messi to fight the first position
is getting into the fight also exempla sofía alejandra is american
woman
the one that takes the lead in the second place corresponds alejandra the third
the Panamanian sweetie in the fourth place of the apple the abiliti is born the fifth
kurnikova together with Acosta then goes to lido di venezia and stayed in the
last place the league of inah
for the straight across to be in the tamara cup the caribbean aec of the
2010 season in the rinconada dominates now the victim went to the
victim to the point
in the second american american bull in the third comes ricura
it was the fourth sofía alejandra
then the ornithologist attacked the mare bust the penultimate biodiveness and in the
last place with the league mare
the company will challenge in front of this by looking at the face of the American victim
woman continues to press the second rich hour by the Panamanian external party
well to look for it
meanwhile towards the fourth place sofía alejandra from the bottom moves to
taste inside when he dominated the race to the showcase medican guaman by
the inner part of the court goián carlos rodríguez garcía delgado vivo
the tip liquor attacks outside the second the victim will be third
when they are already approaching the last curve in the copa dama del caribe of 2010
dominating the global war race advancing rich now by the external part
moustafa its sacred altar american goal tam pair of tickets and rector for
the Venezuelan and the Panamanian receiving the potato will wash the Caribbean eclac
alicante
they affected the Arab country
the gazette / accident
lars lagerback
You have to play them. Victor Ayala ran out to fail at Bogota. Atlanta
García caro to Madrid
federer 2º trim zaragoza
fourth storm unstoppable advance to fund this campaign of vargas to
who admires the current topic for all this and thanked